-(theme music playing)
-* Bad boys *
-* Whatcha want,
whatcha want *
* Whatcha gonna do *
* When the Sheriff John Brown
come for you? *
-No, no, no!
-* Bad boys, bad boys *
-* Whatcha gonna do *
-* Whatcha gonna do
when they come for you? *
-Hands behind your back!
-* Bad boys, bad boys *
* Whatcha gonna do *
* Whatcha gonna do
when they come for you? *
-Announcer:
"Cops" is filmed on location
with the men and women
of law enforcement.
All suspects are innocent
until proven guilty
in a court of law.
Deputy Eta:
-My dad's been working for
the Sheriff' Office since 1991.
He's paved the way for me
to follow suit behind him
and help me succeed.
You know, of course, I still
establish myself
as my own Deputy,
but he taught me to strive
and persist and make every day
the best I can.
I see somebody walking
from the corner
of that Walgreen's.
-Dispatcher:
4-3 on North Grant.
-What's goin' on, man?
What's that you handed them
in there?
-No, he just gave me this.
-What is that?
-This is... that fake weed.
-He buyin' it, you got it
from him?
-No, I ain't buy it,
he just gave it to me.
I asked him to.
-Come over here.
Wait over there for me.
-What? I didn't do nothin'.
-Come over here for me.
Who gave you this?
The one in the front
or the back?
-In the front seat.
-In the front?
-Yeah.
-Okay. Come out the car,
old school.
I'm puttin' you in cuffs too.
-What I do?
-We're about to find out.
2-8, I'm under control.
I have four-- no!
-Freeze! Going to
Avero and Winnie!
-(radio chatter)
-Edward 2-8!
I'm still
running southbound.
At the boulevard.
Cross over 1960.
Get on the ground!
-(indistinct)
-(heavy breathing)
-Get on the ground.
Give me your hand.
give me your hand.
-Please...
-No!
-Okay!
-Get on the ground,
give me your hand!
-Turn around!
-I'm sorry.
-Get up!
-Okay.
-Turn around!
-I'm sorry.
-Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Give me your hand.
-I can't breathe, sir.
-No!
-I'm not gonna get up, sir.
-Give me your other hand.
-I can't breathe.
-Turn around!
No! You get up,
I'm bustin' you.
-I'm not gonna get up.
I promise.
-Edward 2-8.
I'm behind the Shell station.
-Please.
North side of Eller.
-Please, sir.
-No.
-I can't breathe.
I can't breathe.
Please, sir, I'm not
gonna run.
I'm just scared.
That's all, sir.
I swore... I just, I just--
I panicked, sir.
Edward 2-8, I have him,
slow down.
-Please, please, sir.
I got kids at the house.
-What's up, man?
-He makin' me run.
-I can't go to jail.
-Get up, man.
-My kids is at the house.
Please, sir. Sir?
I'm on probation.
I just got outta jail, sir.
-Are you sure you're okay?
-Yeah, I'm good,
I'm just winded.
I just need to catch my breath.
-We've arrested him before.
You remember me?
Why you runnin', man?
-(indistinct)
-Leave your feet inside.
You already got me pissed.
-I apologize,
I'm on probation, sir.
And I had somebody--
-Probation? For what?
-From uh, for an uh, possession
of controlled substances.
So why are you running?
-Because I thought I was going
to jail for dealing the kush
for my old buddy.
-All that was gonna be
a possibility.
Now it's a for sure
you're goin' to jail.
-Please, sir...
-That's your fault.
-I didn't know, sir.
-Why you didn't know?
-I'd never been--
-You don't know runnin'
from the police...
-I never been in that
predicament before, sir.
I was just scared.
I never been in that predicament
before, sir, I was just scared,
I did--
-All I was doin' was stoppin'
and talkin' to y'all.
-I didn't know, sir.
Please, sir.
I didn't know, sir.
-All right, sit back, man.
-Is that car still there?
-Dispatcher: Yes. I have one of
your suspects detained as well.
-Kush is a synthetic marijuana
fabricated in the lab
to mimic the side effects
of marijuana.
We're finding another one
that was running
from us earlier.
Why you leave?
How'd you end up over here?
Turn around for me.
Where you ditch it at?
-Ditch what?
-You smell like,
you smell like that kush.
-Not worth it.
-You work?
-I do (indistinct).
-Did you smoke it already?
-I smoke cigars, man.
-Cigars don't smell
like kush, man.
You found it?
-Is that the bag?
-Yeah.
-That's where he tossed it
as soon as he came over--
-Just tossed it as soon
as he came. The same bag.
-That yours?
-No, ma'am.
-It looks just like
the same one I pulled
from over there.
-I don't know.
-Along with that bag
right there.
That's a couple of bags
over there, so--
-A lot of bags over there.
-Yeah.
-And you smell just like it.
Just sit back, we'll
let you know what's goin' on,
all right?
So, tell me, what was up, man?
What was goin' on today?
-The new people,
I met them.
-Met 'em where?
-Here, I washed the car,
and then the wheels.
I done the inside,
I got all the stuff out there,
everything. That's what I did
over here,
you can check my hands
and all...
-Okay. Well, okay.
How you know that guy
that ran from me?
-I don't know him...
-You don't know him?
so why is he telling me
that you gave him that?
-Not from me, no way from me.
I ain't been here about three
and a half four months.
-So why is it that he gives me
a bag of kush, sayin'
that you gave it to him
and that same bag of kush
we find by you.
-I wasn't tryin' to do that,
I wasn't tryin' to run,
I'm sobered up, cleaned up,
-If you weren't turned around,
why didn't we find you
back over here?
-The young lady right there
with the other dude right here.
She's-- there for a while
then left, that...
right there, my stuff's
behind there, y'all know me.
I'm sick, I'm disabled anyway.
-Where you stay at?
-I stay right at that bush
right there.
-So you sleep over here
in the bush?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
If everything checks out,
you're gonna be good to go.
Just sit back, we'll
let you know what's goin' on,
all right?
-Yes, sir.
You are going to jail
for evading detention
and resisting arrest.
-You understand?
-What's evadin'--
-Evadin' detention...
when I'm tryin' to put
handcuffs on you,
and I'm telling you
numerous times to stop,
and you disregarded
all my commands,
and you continued to run,
havin' me to chase you,
that's evading detention
and arrest, all right?
-Yes, sir.
He already told you
what's goin' on, right?
-Just wait, listen, y'all know
I don't break it
and I don't steal nothin'...
-Okay.
-I'm a bum, actually,
but I try to work (bleep),
I hold signs
and all that stuff...
-I got you.
-I'm just sayin'
while waitin' on my housing.
-Okay.
We're giving you
a criminal trespass warning.
From here on out,
just be warned, we're gonna be
high presence in the area.
Officer Smith:
You know, police work was never
what I intended on doing.
But I always knew
that I wanted to do something
that was civil service,
where I could actually
get out and help people
in the public
and in the community.
I like being able to go out
and talk to people
on a daily basis,
figure out
where they're coming from,
and what they need
that can, that can help them out
in the long run.
We got a call from a neighbor
over here who says
that his neighbors
are out in their front yard
havin' a physical argument.
So we're gonna go over here
and see what the disturbance
is about.
-3282, we're gonna be
up at D Delta.
(knocking on door)
-What is it?
-Police department.
-We're okay, officers.
We're fine.
-Okay, can you open the--
-Why don't you come out here
and tell me that?
-We're just fine.
-Who else in there with you?
-Don't look at me.
-Hey, was somebody in there
callin' for you?
-Travis, get him off.
-Open the door!
-Wait a minute!
-Open the door now!
Let me see your hands.
-He's tryin' to.
-Turn around.
-Officers, he's tryin' to open
the door for y'all.
We're not, we're not mean here.
That's my dad.
-Okay.
-And I'm his son.
-So what's goin' on?
-Me and my girlfriend
are fightin'.
-Okay.
-And we're serious.
-This is what she did on me,
right there, back of my ear.
-No, come look at me and look
at this burn.
-(indistinct)
We've had an argument
and we're trying to settle it.
Dad's asked us to calm down,
we're tryin'.
-Step out here.
You got ID on you?
-I do in my wallet right here.
-Right here?
-Right here.
-Do I have any ID?
-We been tryin' to settle
the argument for a while.
-What are y'all arguin' about?
-We're arguin' about her
lyin' to me, Officer.
-About her lyin' to you?
-Yes, sir.
-So that turned into
a physical argument or what?
-Well, yeah.
-So why wouldn't you
open the door for me?
-Well, because, we're tryin'
to settle it, and we're tryin'
to have peace around here,
and let everybody calm down
and have peace.
-Okay.
-I'm insecure about that.
A friend of our gave her
a gift, and they spend a lot
of time together now.
And they have numerous
phone calls back and forth.
I just wonder why.
-And then all of a sudden
y'all get in an argument.
-I'm not tryin'
to hide anything.
Not at all.
-Well, when she's yellin'
for me to come in,
and you're refusing
to open the door...
-I'm sorry I didn't
open it fast enough.
-Well, you didn't not open it
fast enough, you refused
to open it,
and she's yellin'
in the room.
So I'm gonna kick
that door open every time.
-She'll make a complaint,
I understand.
-What did you see
happen tonight?
-Oh, it's just...
they uh... fussed back
and forth. And one of 'em
says one thing,
and the other one
says the other, and they get
in a little disagreement,
and they get mad
at one another, and...
you know...
-So did you see anything
happen tonight, or what?
-No, I didn't see anything...
just, just arguin'.
They just argue all the time...
-How did he get these...
-And that gets on my nerves.
-Pop, tell him...
Well, okay,
they were grabbin'...
and wrestlin'...
-I was tryin' to get him off.
-Yes, she was tryin' to get him
off of her.
-Pop, tell the truth, Dad.
-Hey, stop talkin'.
He's tellin' the truth now.
-Tell him who came at who
first, Dad.
-Travis...
-Pop, come on, Dad.
-I'm gonna go in
and talk to her real quick.
-I never...
-Look at my face...
-So walk me through
what happened tonight.
-I was in the shower, and I
just asked him if one of his
friends had called,
and he said "You're (bleep)
him, you're (bleep) him,"
he thinks I'm doin' all this
inside stuff. I taught school
for 20 years.
-Okay.
-I'm not an aggressive person
at all.
I just want him away,
he just pounds and pounds
and pounds on me,
and I just...
-So what happened tonight?
-Walk me through from A to B.
-I took a shower. We've been
disputing for two or three days.
-Okay.
-And he thinks that I'm
screwing everything up and down
the street.
-So you got out of the shower
and he pushed you?
Where did he push you?
-Yes, and he shoved me down.
-Shoved you down into the floor?
-Yeah.
-Did he ever, like,
hit you or anything?
-Yes.
-What exactly did he do?
-....To my face.
-How many times did he hit you?
-Two.
-Two times?
With an open fist,
-Yes.
-closed fist?
-Open.
-Okay.
-And I just was tryin'
to get him off, I'm sure
I scratched him,
but I just can't do this
anymore.
-Okay.
Just wait right here
for me, okay?
-Dad, tell him the truth.
-Well, I told you to shut up.
-He's not asking who shut up.
Who came at who, first, Pop?
-Okay.
-And tell him the truth.
-Travis, you tell the truth.
-Come here.
Walk over here with me.
-I will.
-All right.
-But Dad, please, tell him
the truth, Dad.
-Walk over here.
-Y'all gonna take me to jail?
-That's what it looks like.
-Y'all takin' me to jail?
-Yeah.
-Why am I goin' to jail?
-For domestic assault.
-Oh, my god.
Thank you, y'all.
-No, no, no, we're not
doin' that.
-I can't believe my dad's
doin' this to me.
-Your dad didn't do this to you.
Okay, you did this to yourself.
-He saw her attack me first.
-But here's the deal,
you did this to yourself.
-How? When that big woman's
comin' at me, I can't
defend myself, y'all?
I'm the one with
the burned skin
and this knot on my head.
How can y'all do this to me?
She's not right.
-We're not doin' this to you.
You did this to yourself.
You got yourself
in this predicament.
-Defendin' myself.
Defendin' myself.
-Well, from what I see,
from what she told me,
from what your dad told me...
-Y'all are liars, Dad.
-That's not what happened.
-It's what happened.
And then, normally the victim...
-She spit in my face
tonight.
-Normally, the victim
doesn't refuse to open the door
for me.
-Y'all takin' an innocent man
to jail.
God, thanks, Dad!
He saw everything
that happened.
And he won't tell y'all
the truth.
Bull (bleep)!
Hope they die and they lie!
-Don't start sayin'
that kind of stuff, man.
-I hope they do.
I'm goin' to jail for no reason.
I hope they die and they're
lyin' there together.
Y'all takin' an innocent man
to jail again.
Everybody lied for her.
I wanna press charges on her.
I got knots and scratches
on me. I wanna press charges
on her.
-Those appear to be
defensive wounds, okay?
-I'm the one with the knot
on my head. I'm the one
with the cuts and bruises,
she don't have a mark on her,
and I gotta go to jail.
I defended myself, y'all.
-Because of our investigation
tonight, we believe
that you were
the primary aggressor
in this altercation, okay?
-Oh, my god.
(car door slams)
Officer Morales:
-So I've been a police officer
here in Stockton
for about a year and a half.
Grew up in Phoenix, Arizona.
I was searching for
a police department
that was fast-paced,
moved up here for the job,
because the police department
and the city itself,
it's a fast-paced city.
You gotta be
on the go 24/7.
-(radio chatter)
So right now we're en route,
looks like we have a female
calling in, acting like
she's talking to her service,
a cell phone provider, saying
that she needs the police
and has an emergency.
We're almost there
right around the corner,
we're going to figure out
what's going on once
we get there.
(radio chatter)
-Hello.
-Hi.
-What's your name?
-Rebecca.
Hi, um, there's
strange people in my house
that will not seem to get out,
and they're in my car.
And if you can get 'em
out of my car,
I would appreciate it.
-They're in your car right now?
-They're ghosts. I know
that seems so stupid
and so nonsense,
(speaks Spanish)
-So you want us
to get the people
that aren't in your car?
-No no no no, that's not
what I'm saying,
what I'm saying is,
they will not leave my house.
There's kids in my backyard...
-Are you the only one
that can see this?
-(speaks Spanish)
This is a first thing for me.
-Okay.
-Okay, I have never experienced
nothing like this before
in my life.
There's kids popping up
in the backyard. I don't know
who lived here before,
but there's people in my car.
I know you can't see them,
but they will not leave.
If you can s--, I tried
to get 'em out, but
they won't not leave.
Look it, you see my picture
right there?
-Yes.
-That's me.
-Okay.
-She will not open the door.
-Even if I unlock it.
-Okay.
-And my husband...
oh my goodness, it's like,
intense, I--
-How many people
are in your car right now?
-Um, from what I saw,
see, look, she's moving,
do you see the car seat move?
-I didn't.
-There's clearly nobody
in the car.
-I'll give you
the keys to the car.
-I gotta ask you this.
-Sure.
-Do you do any kind
of narcotics, drugs
or anything like that?
-No, never have, never will.
-No? Smoke marijuana?
-No... you're more than welcome
to look inside the house...
-No, that's okay.
-like, I have never
done anything but...
they will not leave this house.
There is somebody trapped
inside that car as well,
this Cadillac?
-Okay.
-They will not leave.
Let me put this sweater on,
I'm sorry.
Babe, where'd you put the keys?
-Right here.
-Hey, ma'am? Can I talk to you
out here for just a second?
-Of course. Of course.
Did you want me to take my--
-Did you need--
You can take your purse
if you want it.
-No. I don't need it.
-Okay.
Let, let's...
let's talk over here.
So you've been drinking today?
-Uh, just a little bit.
-Do you have any history
of mental illness
in your family?
-No.
-Okay.
-(laughs) Why are you
looking at me like that?
-Okay.
-I was like ready to relax,
and--
-Can you just do me a favor,
and I just wanna do like
a couple of tests with you
really quick?
-Okay.
-So you don't use any kind
of illicit drugs,
methamphetamine, anything
like that?
-No...
-Okay. How many hours of sleep
did you get last night?
-Um, probably like, mm,
five hours.
Not the-- average.
-Just go ahead and I'm just
gonna take your pulse
really quick,
just relax your arm.
-Sure.
-Just relax.
When's the last time
you had something to eat?
-Two hours ago.
I ate a salad and a hot dog.
-You may be confused right now,
but, you know, just
relax, and...
-Yeah. You know, if I can get
some help, that's fine.
-Yeah, well, we're gonna
have somebody come,
we're gonna have somebody come
and check you out
-Yeah. I know what I saw,
I know what I seen
and everything, so...
-I know. Yeah, I know.
-You think I'm a psycho person,
but I'm not.
But thank you,
I appreciate you coming out.
-Okay.
-So what do you think?
-Um, I think she's having
hallucinations
related to being
severely malnourished, so...
and that can, you know,
cause any kind of, you know,
issues with cognitive
function, so,
she needs to be looked at
like immediately by
an ambulance.
-So she started speaking
Spanish right off the bat
saying, "Hey, get 'em
outta here. They're in there,
still, get 'em outta here."
-Yeah, that's not normal, so,
she's got no injection site,
she's got nothing, so
I didn't see any sign
of drug use anywhere,
so, and they're saying that
she doesn't eat very often,
and when she does,
it sounds like it's pretty
nutritionally sparse, too,
so...
-I think we should get EMR
out here at least
to check her out.
I'm just gonna ask you
a couple questions.
Do you live here with them?
-This is my house.
-Okay. So they live with you?
-I'm her father-in-law.
-You see her every day
and she acts normal
every day, and today
all of a sudden, she's just...
she's starting to see things.
-Yes.
-Okay.
-So I don't know what happened.
It's kind of like bipolar
or what have you.
She's like seeing-- she's like,
oh, there's people outside,
there's people outside.
-Yeah, she told me
there's a bunch of children
in the back there, so,
obviously I don't hear
any children, but...
-There's nobody there,
and then she's telling
you guys there's somebody
in her car,
that she's seeing the car move.
If you like, go look
at the tire mark.
Just to prove our point...
-No, I can see.
-We chalked it.
We were just trying
to like convince her
that there's nothing out there.
She's hallucinating.
-We're gonna have the ambulance
come and check her out.
-What's your name?
-Rebecca.
-Okay, Rebecca,
are you anemic?
-Yes.
-Okay, so what's going on?
-They think that I'm crazy,
but I'm not.
I'm actually from the Bay Area,
and yeah, California.
-Any drug use today?
-No, I don't do drugs,
I'm actually 27 years old,
and I've never done drugs
in my entire life.
-Okay.
-803?
-803.
-I don't know what happened
today. It went from good
to bad.
-She's gonna be taken down
to County Hospital and she's
gonna get some help, so...
-She was nice at first,
and then all of a sudden
she just like flipped.
-Can you show me
where you marked the vehicle?
-She just started like,
"Oh, the car's moving,
the car's moving."
And we're like, "No, the car's
not moving."
We marked the ground on purpose,
me and my son, just to try
to ease her mind
or what have you.
-Right.
-Basically that was just like
to prove that the car
was not moving
because she said, "There's
people in the car, there's
people in my boat,
there's people in the
go kart in the back..."
There's nobody here.
-Yeah. Obviously
we're not seeing
what she's seeing,
so hopefully, she's gonna get
the help that she needs.
-Well, thank you very much, sir.
-No problem.
-132 and Bush,
I've got him at gunpoint.
-Dispatcher:
Okay, gunpoint, 132 and Bush.
Cover is code three.
-(overlapping
police radio chatter)
-Dispatcher:
Okay, we'll still send
a code three.
-(theme music playing)